{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14220\viewh13900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 	I personally prefer utilizing abstract classes the most. I like to think of them as being a default blueprint for my other Classes. The extends keyword is familiar to me because of React, however, React does not require the abstract keyword / modifier. I like that it cannot be instantiated directly. It allows me to reuse the abstract class more easily for different components in my projects. I really love that it allows for new properties to be defined in the subclasses and also allows overriding if you don\'92t want to use all the offerings of an abstract class. During class, I kept imagining an animal abstract class and cat, dog, cow and pig etc. subclasses. The concept of a subclass / children inheriting from the superclass / parents seems clearer to me.\
	A pro of concrete classes is that it doesn\'92t require inheritance to use its methods. If I were to be creating shorter projects, the use of concrete classes allow me to instantiate within the same class. If I were to perhaps want to view all of my properties and methods in one Class file, concrete classes would be the way to go. All in all, if I were creating a bigger scalable project, I would choose to use abstract classes because of the reusable code. However, there is no workaround with concrete classes since they are the fully implemented version of a Class. It\'92s like asking me to own a House with no rooms.\
	Interface is a strange idea for me. I understand that it is a contract and that if implemented, a Class cannot work if it doesn\'92t follow all of the \'93rules\'94 that an interface contains. It\'92s like trying to create a bank account but refusing to deposit initial money, going to the movie theaters but keeping your eyes closed or attending this Java Bootcamp but not turning any assignments! }